the Israeli military attacks on the Gaza
Strip has completely rammed up as a
residential house was completely
destroyed Inna Refuge Camp as you can
clearly right now see injuries are
receiving right now treatment in Al
Kuwaiti hospital as the vast majority of
casualties are among civilians now this
is the area where the majority of G's
population have been told to stay and to
remain there in order to guarantee the
own safety but what we can clearly
record and observe within the past
couple of weeks is a clear surge of
Israeli attacks on that very densely
populated area in light of the
anticipated military incursion that will
be carried out by the Israeli military
within the coming days that is the
situation right now on the ground as
Palestinians have nowhere left to go t
abum Al jazer RAF
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer